"Blood bank management system" which is a project where any person who needs blood of a specific blood type, can receive it by directly contacting with the donor or from the blood storage. Any kind and healthy person interested in donating blood can donate securely and easily. In case of emergency, when someone needs blood of a specific blood type, it becomes so much difficult to find the blood or donor (especially in case of rare blood types). In such cases, due to lack of blood or donor or due to late receive of blood, the patient can reach a critical condition. In such emergency situations, contacting different people, long errands in hospitals, checking blood banks etc. is time consuming and tiring. To avoid such circumstances, people can use our system that is shown in this project. Here, people will easily find the donor of blood and can contact the donor directly, as well as can receive emergency blood from the storage. Besides, through this project, the donor will find actual motivation for donating blood and will be inspired for saving someone's life from danger by donating blood. Blood bank management system will be user friendly where any people will understand easily and can use it without any aggravation. It will serve people in need of blood, in a well-organized and proficient way. Our main aim is to make it a trustworthy and beneficial project, where maximum people will be able to use it and will actually receive privileges from it. Our main aim with Blood Bank Management System is to make it a trustworthy and beneficial platform, where maximum people will be able to use it and will actually receive privileges from it. We ensure a secured and fast method for any person who needs blood of a specific blood type. As well as, any kind and healthy person who is interested in donating blood can donate securely and effortlessly through our system. In emergency situations, contacting different people, long errands in hospitals, checking blood banks etc. is time consuming and tiring. To avoid such circumstances, people can effortlessly and without any reluctance use our system. Besides, through this project, the donor will find incentive for donating blood and will be inspired for saving someone's life from danger by donating blood. Blood bank management system is a user-friendly system and platform where any people will understand easily and can use it without any aggravation. It will serve people in need of blood, in a well-organized, secured and proficient way.
